hey what's up everybody this is disco
Shaun 21 I just want to say our IP to
jr. sale very very great football player
man
I used to watch him all the time because
I'm a big Raiders fan and you know he
was over with the Chargers when I was
really a big fan of his but they said he
died from an apparent suicide I just
want to set all you little young cats
out there and all you cats period I made
a video about Junior Seau maybe a year
or so ago when he tried to kill himself
and have problems or whatnot and I just
wanna tell y'all man life is precious I
know you go through three things in life
but you can talk to somebody man you can
talk to somebody trust me specially my
young cats out there because you guys
don't understand there's so much more
out there for you and ahead of you so if
you ever have a problem man you feel
like you want to kill yourself or
something talk to somebody
cuz a teenage suicide is pretty high
talk to a friend talk to a family he'll
talk to me hit me up on YouTube send me
a message man you know I tell me what's
going on and I'll hit you back I promise
you and if you're out there and you know
somebody who might be going through
being bullied or problems at home with
their parents or with siblings or
whatever if you can just reach out to a
man just say something nice I always say
this one word could make a difference in
someone's life please y'all let's just
love each other and help each other it's
not that hard to do it takes more energy
being mean than it does to be nice trust
me I'm one of the nicest guys on earth
and I know I rarely stress out or
anything like that man cuz I'm always
smiling and saying nice things of people
so like I said alright P to junior se
out and uh my condolences to his family
and you guys like I said if you know
somebody that's going through something
just reach out to them this is disco
Shawn 21 I love you guys all